Removed deprecations for Image constants, except for duplicate Resampling attributes (#6830)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/releasenotes/9.4.0.rst

Support has been added to read and write L and LA DDS images in the uncompressed
format, known as "luminance" textures.

.. _restored-image-constants:

Constants
^^^^^^^^^

> In Pillow 9.1.0, the following constants were deprecated. Those deprecations have now
> been restored.

Reviewer: Wonder if something like this is clearer?
```suggestion
In Pillow 9.1.0, the following constants were deprecated.
That has been reversed and these constants will now remain available.
```

Author: Ok, sure. I've pushed a commit changing that, and the text in deprecations.rst.
